What’s wrong, Caleb?
I can’t find my airplane.
Hmm, I can see why.
Do you know what will help you
to find your things?
What?
Keeping your room neat and clean.
Did you know Jehovah has
a place for all his things?
Huh?
Like the planets, they’re always moving,
but Jehovah makes them stay in their orbits
so they don’t crash into each other.
It is the same with people.
We all look different on the outside,
but inside Jehovah put all our
bones and organs in the same place.
Imagine if your eyes
were on the bottom on your feet!
Jehovah even keeps the animals clean.
Look at these fish.
They’re cleaning the hippo.
These birds help too.
I wish I had some animals
to help me clean my room.
So do I, sometimes,
but that is why Jehovah
gave you these to pick things up with.
When you keep your room clean,
you are making Jehovah happy.
And who knows,
once your room is clean,
maybe you’ll find your airplane.
I found my airplane!
OK!
Let’s go outside and play!